# A.S.B-All-Star-Brawl-
Origins: Damon Augustus was one of the most famous archaeologists around the sixty’s,  who has traveled around the world finding ancient Artifacts With his best Friends Caleb Anderson, Bryson Jones, Mariana Ramirez, Kelly young, and Robbie Kanumba. One day Damon heard about a thousand-year Artifact underneath a cave in South Africa called the msingi wa nguvu ( that means power core)  Legends say that whoever touches the Artifact and breaks it will be given unlimited powers.  When they made it to South Africa they found the cave and started setting up their equipment to begin but it took them two months to find the power cores until on February 17th They discovered 1,000 Power cores inside the cave walls. The power core was made out of stone with Ancient Swahili language and was the size of a Dr. Dre beat speaker. Damon and the others took one each for themselves and began celebrating drinking cold beer and eating a hot meal before they returned home. When they came back to America, they became millionaires then three years later all of them retired from their work and lived their lives. In 1962 Damon became one of the richest men on the planet living his life in Wilmington, Delaware With his wife Lucy fawn and his four sons named Nick, Conrad, Victor, Ricky, and two daughters named Bella and  Sarah. As Damon retires from being an archaeologist, he wanted to do something else in his life that would make him feel human again like exploring the world and doing new hobbies that were dangerous. One day Damon saw Conrad watching a documentary about the origins of boxing, wrestling, kung fu, and illegal fights, and Damon had an idea of creating a stadium for fighters all over the world to fight for Entertainment, power, and money. So in 1967, Damon asked Caleb, Bryson, Mariana, Kelly, and Robbie to Join his plan to travel all over illegal fight sites, clubs, wrestling camps, even other countries to recruit new fighters to join his event called All-Star Brawl. But Damon wanted A.S.B main Stadium at his home city called  Dembrooke. Lucy and the kids thought the A.S.B idea was crazy and unsafe but they support Damon in making this company so he can enjoy his new hobby together. When word spread about A.S.B everybody wanted to know why he was making this event and see how far it will go. One day when the A.S.B was open for good Damon and his friends went back to his house after buying the company to celebrate just the six of them. Bryson had an idea, he wanted all of them to bring their power cores and take a picture together holding a power core with the new A.S.B logo. When they had the power core, something started to happen. Their power cores started to light up as they were still holding it when all of a sudden Boom! A weird form of energy started to enter their bodies, feeling something unusual effects happening to them. They felt the power making them faster, stronger, and dangerous. Damon and the others fainted on the floor unconscious the shattered pieces of the core started to reform back together but the power core was glowing of a light blue and white color with a balanced scale sign with huge capital letters in the middle saying, JUDGES. The power core started to multiply itself to its natural form creating Thousands of power cores in the house. When everyone woke up they were amazed at what just happened here and brought them to the A.S.B. Stadium to show the fighters and told them what these power cores could do for those who break it and touch it but they only gave it to the fighters who are trustworthy. When A.S.B. was open in 1980, it became one of the most popular sporting events Around the world that millions of people come from other countries or states to see. A.S.B stadiums have spread around many countries for fighters to travel in a country to fight. As for Damon, Caleb, Bryson, Mariana, Kelly, and Chike they became the  C.E.O. of A.S.B. Known as the JUDGES making sure the company, the fighters, and fans stay safe, entertained and happy being in A.S.B. As the years went by, the A.S.B. still stands as the top biggest sport in history.                  
